pattern_1/README.md, before:

# 0/1 Knapsack

## 0/1 Knapsack
knapsack.py [time and space complexity of O(N*S)]

Given two integer arrays to represent weights and profits of ‘N’ items, we need to find a subset of these items which will give us maximum profit such that their cumulative weight is not more than a given number ‘C’. Each item can only be selected once, which means either we put an item in the knapsack or we skip it.

## Equal Subset Sum Partition
partition_set.py [time and space complexity of O(N*S)]

Given a set of positive numbers, find if we can partition it into two subsets such that the sum of elements in both the subsets is equal.

Example 1:

```bash
Input: {1, 2, 3, 4}
Output: True
Explanation: The given set can be partitioned into two subsets with equal sum: {1, 4} & {2, 3}
```

Example 2:

```bash
Input: {1, 1, 3, 4, 7}
Output: True
Explanation: The given set can be partitioned into two subsets with equal sum: {1, 3, 4} & {1, 7}
```

Example 3:

```bash
Input: {2, 3, 4, 6}
Output: False
Explanation: The given set cannot be partitioned into two subsets with equal sum.
```

## Subset Sum
subset_sum.py [time and space complexity of O(N*S)]
subset_sum_optimized.py [optimized space complexity of O(S)]

Given a set of positive numbers, determine if there exists a subset whose sum is equal to a given number ‘S’.

Example 1:
```
Input: {1, 2, 3, 7}, S=6
Output: True
The given set has a subset whose sum is '6': {1, 2, 3}
```

Example 2:
```
Input: {1, 2, 7, 1, 5}, S=10
Output: True
The given set has a subset whose sum is '10': {1, 2, 7}
```

Example 3:
```
Input: {1, 3, 4, 8}, S=6
Output: False
The given set does not have any subset whose sum is equal to '6'.
```

## Minimum Subset Sum Difference
partition_set_min.py [time and space complexity of O(N*S)]

Given a set of positive numbers, partition the set into two subsets with a minimum difference between their subset sums.

Example 1:

```bash
Input: {1, 2, 3, 9}
Output: 3
Explanation: We can partition the given set into two subsets where minimum absolute difference
between the sum of numbers is '3'. Following are the two subsets: {1, 2, 3} & {9}.
```

Example 2:
```
Input: {1, 2, 7, 1, 5}
Output: 0
Explanation: We can partition the given set into two subsets where minimum absolute difference
between the sum of number is '0'. Following are the two subsets: {1, 2, 5} & {7, 1}.
```

Example 3:
```
Input: {1, 3, 100, 4}
Output: 92
Explanation: We can partition the given set into two subsets where minimum absolute difference
between the sum of numbers is '92'. Here are the two subsets: {1, 3, 4} & {100}.
```

## Count of Subset Sum
count_subsets.py [time and space complexity of O(N*S)]
count_subsets_optimized.py [optimized space complexity of O(S)]

Given a set of positive numbers, find the total number of subsets whose sum is equal to a given number ‘S’.

Example 1:
```
Input: {1, 1, 2, 3}, S=4
Output: 3
The given set has '3' subsets whose sum is '4': {1, 1, 2}, {1, 3}, {1, 3}
Note that we have two similar sets {1, 3}, because we have two '1' in our input.
```

Example 2:
```
Input: {1, 2, 7, 1, 5}, S=9
Output: 3
The given set has '3' subsets whose sum is '9': {2, 7}, {1, 7, 1}, {1, 2, 1, 5}
```

## Target Sum

Given a set of positive numbers (non zero) and a target sum ‘S’. Each number should be assigned either a ‘+’ or ‘-’ sign. We need to find out total ways to assign symbols to make the sum of numbers equal to target ‘S’.

Example 1:
```
Input: {1, 1, 2, 3}, S=1
Output: 3
Explanation: The given set has '3' ways to make a sum of '1': {+1-1-2+3} & {-1+1-2+3} & {+1+1+2-3}
```

Example 2:
```
Input: {1, 2, 7, 1}, S=9
Output: 2
Explanation: The given set has '2' ways to make a sum of '9': {+1+2+7-1} & {-1+2+7+1}
```

Commit message:

solve target sum problem using DP

pattern_1/README.md, after:

# 0/1 Knapsack

## 0/1 Knapsack
knapsack.py [time and space complexity of O(N*S)]

Given two integer arrays to represent weights and profits of ‘N’ items, we need to find a subset of these items which will give us maximum profit such that their cumulative weight is not more than a given number ‘C’. Each item can only be selected once, which means either we put an item in the knapsack or we skip it.

## Equal Subset Sum Partition
partition_set.py [time and space complexity of O(N*S)]

Given a set of positive numbers, find if we can partition it into two subsets such that the sum of elements in both the subsets is equal.

Example 1:

```bash
Input: {1, 2, 3, 4}
Output: True
Explanation: The given set can be partitioned into two subsets with equal sum: {1, 4} & {2, 3}
```

Example 2:

```bash
Input: {1, 1, 3, 4, 7}
Output: True
Explanation: The given set can be partitioned into two subsets with equal sum: {1, 3, 4} & {1, 7}
```

Example 3:

```bash
Input: {2, 3, 4, 6}
Output: False
Explanation: The given set cannot be partitioned into two subsets with equal sum.
```

## Subset Sum
subset_sum.py [time and space complexity of O(N*S)]
subset_sum_optimized.py [optimized space complexity of O(S)]

Given a set of positive numbers, determine if there exists a subset whose sum is equal to a given number ‘S’.

Example 1:
```
Input: {1, 2, 3, 7}, S=6
Output: True
The given set has a subset whose sum is '6': {1, 2, 3}
```

Example 2:
```
Input: {1, 2, 7, 1, 5}, S=10
Output: True
The given set has a subset whose sum is '10': {1, 2, 7}
```

Example 3:
```
Input: {1, 3, 4, 8}, S=6
Output: False
The given set does not have any subset whose sum is equal to '6'.
```

## Minimum Subset Sum Difference
partition_set_min.py [time and space complexity of O(N*S)]

Given a set of positive numbers, partition the set into two subsets with a minimum difference between their subset sums.

Example 1:

```bash
Input: {1, 2, 3, 9}
Output: 3
Explanation: We can partition the given set into two subsets where minimum absolute difference
between the sum of numbers is '3'. Following are the two subsets: {1, 2, 3} & {9}.
```

Example 2:
```
Input: {1, 2, 7, 1, 5}
Output: 0
Explanation: We can partition the given set into two subsets where minimum absolute difference
between the sum of number is '0'. Following are the two subsets: {1, 2, 5} & {7, 1}.
```

Example 3:
```
Input: {1, 3, 100, 4}
Output: 92
Explanation: We can partition the given set into two subsets where minimum absolute difference
between the sum of numbers is '92'. Here are the two subsets: {1, 3, 4} & {100}.
```

## Count of Subset Sum
count_subsets.py [time and space complexity of O(N*S)]
count_subsets_optimized.py [optimized space complexity of O(S)]

Given a set of positive numbers, find the total number of subsets whose sum is equal to a given number ‘S’.

Example 1:
```
Input: {1, 1, 2, 3}, S=4
Output: 3
The given set has '3' subsets whose sum is '4': {1, 1, 2}, {1, 3}, {1, 3}
Note that we have two similar sets {1, 3}, because we have two '1' in our input.
```

Example 2:
```
Input: {1, 2, 7, 1, 5}, S=9
Output: 3
The given set has '3' subsets whose sum is '9': {2, 7}, {1, 7, 1}, {1, 2, 1, 5}
```

## Target Sum
target_sum.py [time and space complexity of O(N*S)]

Given a set of positive numbers (non zero) and a target sum ‘S’. Each number should be assigned either a ‘+’ or ‘-’ sign. We need to find out total ways to assign symbols to make the sum of numbers equal to target ‘S’.

Example 1:
```
Input: {1, 1, 2, 3}, S=1
Output: 3
Explanation: The given set has '3' ways to make a sum of '1': {+1-1-2+3} & {-1+1-2+3} & {+1+1+2-3}
```

Example 2:
```
Input: {1, 2, 7, 1}, S=9
Output: 2
Explanation: The given set has '2' ways to make a sum of '9': {+1+2+7-1} & {-1+2+7+1}
```
